[wind blowing]
[Nanachi grunting]
[Nanachi groans]
[Nanachi sighs]
What is it with cave raiders?
Why are their maps so big?
[Riko] They say it's to
prevent unauthorized raiding.
Details are spread by word of
mouth,
but this is a little different.
[Reg] Riko got this
information
from Ozen and Lyza's letter.
It'll be all right, Nanachi.
Let's just trust in
Riko and keep going.
[Nanachi] Fine with me.
Gotta respect the instincts
of our fearless leader.
[Nanachi sighs]
Whoa.
[Nanachi] We're here.
The Garden of the
Flowers of Fortitude.
I can't believe these
are all eternal fortunes.
[Nanachi] Don't go
up the top of the hill,
you'll get hit with strains.
[Riko] Okay.
It's the same place
I saw before.
Hey, Reg, is
something the matter?
No, nothing.
I'm catching up.
-[distant moan]
-[Reg gasps]
[moaning]
Nanachi...
I heard it too.
There's several of them.
-Riko!
-Hm?
[electrical zooming]
[Reg] At the foot of the
hill, cave raiders.
A few of them have collapsed.
We have to-
I'm... I'm going to see
what's going on.
Don't get yourself caught.
And remember what I told you.
Your word is law.
That's right, now go ahead.
Riko, if you see anything
strange, tell me.
I'll watch over the force field.
Hm?
The consciousnesses
are in total disarray.
Are they confused or something?
-What's that?
-Something wrong?
The thing that
person's carrying...
Is that...
[Nanachi gasps]
Stop, Reg, don't move.
[clicking sound]
No way. What is
he doing out here?
[Reg] What's wrong, Nanachi?
[Nanachi] That's a member
of the Umbra Hands.
The personal cave raider squad
of the Sovereign of Dawn,
Bondrewd.
Wait, for Bondrewd?
But isn't that you and
Mitty's bitter enemy?
[creaking]
[Reg shudders]
[Nanachi] At your feet!
Turn to your right!
Are you the one responsible
for that screaming?
[clicking and creaking]
You answer me right now!
[Umbra Hand] Shh.
You will wake them.
Indeed, I am the cause
of what you heard.
Incidentally, this area has
been designated off limits
for over 60 surface days now.
What was that?
[Umbra Hand] So you entered
without knowing then?
Well, that's understandable.
[Reg grunts]
Mm?
Is this the...
Oh, wow. It's the Blaze Reap.
[Umbra Hand] Do not
drop it again.
[Reg] How did you...
[Umbra Hand]
Allow me to reiterate,
this area is off limits.
Tell the furry one and
your other friend as well.
But how did you--
[Nanachi] Reg,
don't say any more
than you have to.
That bastard. We've been
under his surveillance.
I wonder how long he's
been watching us.
Nanachi, what is it?
Are you alright?
I'm gonna try and find
out what he's up to.
-[Nanachi] No, wait, that's not-
-Leave it to me.
I've got this.
[Reg] Any enemy of yours
is an enemy of mine.
Look, we will decide
what we're doing
just as soon as I see
what it is you're up to.
Follow me.
[Riko chuckles]
[Riko] That's an insect.
It looks just like a leaf.
Wait, this is a...
Riko? What are
you looking for?
Oh!
[Riko] Nanachi, look here.
[Nanachi] "Be careful
in the flower fields
of the sixth layer.
If you spot one of these
guys among the leaves,
you found their nest.
They disguise themselves
as flowers of fortitude...
[Lyza] ...then they attack
and implant their larva
inside organisms that
come near them.
[violin music]
[raider grunting]
[Umbra Hand] They were
discovered just recently.
The larvae had already
managed to enter the head
and find the perfect
living meal for themselves.
Down here, innumerable
primeval creatures
have been unwittingly turned
into living food sources.
So that's why this
is off limits.
They've created a massive
nest within that mound.
The insects predatory
adult form is spread
throughout the flower garden,
hibernating and waiting
for the signal.
The signal?
[raider grunting]
It-- it went in his mouth.
[Umbra Hand] They feed some
of themselves to the victims
in order to make the living
food sources last longer.
I've already
collected a specimen
from one of their abdomens.
It was then that he
let out a scream.
Well, a reflexive response.
That would be what you heard.
These creatures, which are
called "amaranthine-deceptors,"
came from the sixth
layer and essentially
should not be here.
The sheer number of them
has proved unmanageable.
[Reg] So your boss,
what's he doing about it?
The person you speak of
is not currently present.
The method for straddling
layers is prone to difficulties.
[raiders groaning]
[groaning continues]
That would be the signal.
We must move quickly.
[Reg] What are you
talking about?
Burning agents have been
dispersed in key areas
around the region.
[torch blazing]
Wait, what the hell
are you doing?
Aren't there still cave
raiders alive in there?
[Umbra Hand] The adult
insects are entering
their active period.
You must know there's no
saving them.
That can't be.
Oh, come on. There must
be something we can do!
-[Nanachi] Reg!
-[Reg gasps]
[Umbra Hand] Do what exactly?
Don't say such
ridiculous things.
I can't protect Riko all
on my own. Get back here.
Nothing, I guess.
I suppose I can't do anything.
Return to your friends.
The Sovereign of Dawn
has been eagerly awaiting
the arrival of
all three of you.
[fire blazing]
[Reg] As for what a decent
person would do,
or what my pride as a
cave raider compels,
I have no need
for such concerns.
I can't lose sight
of what I must protect.
I cannot forget why I'm here!
[insects biting Reg]
[Reg screams]
They're going for any
orifice they can find!
[Nanachi] We're even
out of their territory.
Pesky little things.
Look, Reg's coming.
[Reg coughs]
Are you two okay?
Did you get hurt?
[Nanachi] Um, you're drenched
in bug juice, you know?
[Reg] Besides all the bugs, the
fire is consuming all the air.
Let's hurry and get out of here.
Nanachi, I'm sorry.
Things went bad before
I could figure out how
we're being watched.
Don't worry about it.
No way you could
have seen this coming.
[Nanachi] This is terrible.
The field of flowers
that Mom loved...
It's burning away.
[Umbra Hand] The
Sovereign of Dawn
has been eagerly awaiting the
arrival of all three of you.
This is not good.
Now he's got these two
in his sights as well.
[Narrator] As for what lies
at the end of this journey,
they still do not know.
And as for what lies
on the path ahead,
still, they do not know.
Right now, there
is but one thing
of which they are certain.
That in the depths of this
chasm, someone is waiting.
And no matter who that may be,
they must push forward.
For unless they pass
through the deepest
shadows of darkness,
the dawn shall never come.
[emotional chorus music]
Wow!
[Nanachi] I came from the lowest
part of the depths' fifth layer,
a place known as "Ido Front."
Bondrewd's miniature
garden is the last place
where a person can
return still human.
It is also where White Whistles
descend for their last dives
and the only entrance
to the sixth layer.
Although I seriously doubt
Bondrewd will allow us
to simply pass through.
We cannot avoid an
encounter with him,
so keep your guard up.
[Riko] I had a
feeling you'd swell up
where you got bitten.
I told you it's not
really a problem, okay?
[reg grumbles]
[distant explosion]
What the heck was that?
One of the water supports
must have collapsed.
[explosion rumbles]
[Nanachi] Looks like a new path
has formed. Be very careful.
[Riko gasps]
It's not gonna crumble
out from under us, is it?
[Nanachi] Don't worry.
It might only be frost,
but these water supports
are crystallized.
A little jumping
around won't hurt 'em.
[Reg] So, uh...
I don't see any living
creatures around.
I take it that there's
no life in this area?
Uh, let me see.
Ah! Hamashirama.
[soft playful music]
[creature wailing]
Is that thing edible?
Yeah, it says that
it's not poisonous.
[sloshing sound]
[Reg] Seems like there's twice
as much slime as flesh.
If you overdo it,
it'll start to get tough.
It's supposed to taste
best when it's raw.
Honestly, this is
gonna take some courage.
[Nanachi screams]
[Reg] Freaking out
isn't gonna help.
Hey, it's sweet.
Mm. It has really
good flavor.
You can't judge it based
on looks alone, huh?
Mm-hm. Check it out, Riko.
What a wonderful sight that is.
[nervous sigh]
[delighted sigh]
[Riko and Reg laughing]
Hey, Nanachi,
you think we should make
the other one into a stew?
You mean it?
Uh, Riko...
Could you maybe teach
me to make it this time?
Mm-hm. Why don't we
cook it together?
[Reg] You were quite
enthusiastic about being taught.
I'm the industrious
type, you know?
I'm not satisfied with being
on the same level as you.
And well, Mitty...
All she ate in the
Abyss were just dry
and tasteless food bars.
So that's why I've gotta be
able to prepare some tasty food
so that if I am ever
able to see Mitty again,
I might get to feed her
something that's good.
I feel bad that
we weren't able
to eat this kind
of stuff together.
Stuff that tastes good,
I mean.
[Reg sobbing]
Nanachi...
[Nanachi screams]
You're such a good person!
Hey, don't take
advantage of the situation,
you know, I need my space!
Get off me!
[Nanachi groans]
Yeah, yeah. I know it's just
some silly wishful thinking.
I don't actually expect
I'll get to see her again.
Don't say stuff like that!
[Riko] He's right!
It's way too early for
any of us to give up.
I mean, this is the
Abyss after all.
I bet we'll find a way
to see Mitty again
and figure out the reason
for the curse of the Abyss.
And understand the secrets of
the Hollows and the relics.
The answers are waiting for us.
They're down there waiting
at the Netherworld's bottom.
Oh, is that right?
Considering we don't even know
what it actually looks like,
you sure do seem
confident, Riko.
Of course I am.
It is where Reg
comes from after all.
I'm sure it's a wonderful place.
Come on you two, let's go!
Now move your butts.
[Nanachi sighs]
Dang it.
This is the adventure
to the bottom.
I mean, it's exactly
what I've always wanted.
Dang it.
This is actually really fun.
[grinding sound]
Look at that building.
It's slowly rotating.
How's it doing that?
Nanachi, you all right?
Yeah. I was just keeping
an eye on the force field.
See that? There's a
part that isn't moving.
Unless you use a boat,
that's the only entrance.
We'll be in clear view.
So no matter what happens,
we have to stay alert
and keep going.
This place makes use of
the ruins of what was once
a ritual site
thousands of years ago.
You see that tower
in the middle?
That's for taking
one's last dive.
It's how one gets
to the sixth layer.
Oh, so that's it!
A ritual site is a place
where people pray. Right?
I wonder if the ancient
people who lived here
also saw everything below
this point as special.
[girl] Oh, they all look
about the same size as me.
Okay. Just need to be confident.
[Reg] So what
should we do now?
We have no idea how much
these people know about us.
Try not to speak carelessly.
Instead, get them
to do the talking.
Information is power.
No matter what they say,
there's no need to get scared,
but don't miss anything.
Understood.
[all gasping]
Do you know who that is?
I don't.
Are you the guests
here to see Papa?
You're pretty small, aren't you?
Papa?
Let's go.
[chuckle]
You did pretty
well to make it here
even though you're just kids.
Ah! Hey, excuse me!
How did you guys get down here?
Tell me!
We used crystallized
water support.
You're kidding! You actually
crossed over the supports?
They're dangerous!
[Reg] Information is power.
[girl] You must be crazy.
I mean, you never know when one
of those things will collapse.
I can tell if you're
lying, you know?
I've seen it before.
So how'd you really get here?
You're gonna say
something or what?
Are you mad 'cause
I said you're lying?
So the silent treatment, huh?
Oh, do you like my hat?
Wanna touch it?
Why is she being so casual?
[Reg] Come on,
help me out here.
What's the deal? Talk to me.
Our names!
We'll start there!
My name's Prushka.
And who are you guys?
Uh, I'm Reg.
And you?
Name's Riko.
[Prushka chuckles]
What about you?
You sure are fluffy
and cute, aren't you?
Are those ears real? You talk?
Uh... Yeah.
Oh, Papa!
[all gasp]
[echoing footsteps]
Papa.
Hello there, everyone.
How nice of you to come.
Nanachi, I'm glad
to see you're well.
That hat suits you nicely.
Oh, that's right.
The other day your friend's
flesh lamp flickered out.
Congratulations, Nanachi.
She has finally been set free.
[Nanachi whimpers]
[Reg] Hey, it was
you wasn't it?
You tortured Nanachi
and Mitty, didn't you?
[Nanachi] Bondrewd, right now I
don't feel like getting into it.
All we want is to keep
going down into the Abyss.
Will you let
us pass through?
Certainly. I don't
mind in the least.
However, the altar for
taking one's last dive
is activated by a White Whistle,
and I'm sure you're aware,
a White Whistle may only be
used by its original owner.
This was made out of the
relic called "Your Worth."
The life-reverberating stone.
Even for a parent and child,
the correct timbre
won't be produced
if the light insignias differ.
[Reg] Riko, is that true?
That's what Habo told me.
And Ozen did too.
That type of whistle
can only be used
by its original owner.
That White Whistle acts
as a sort of key.
You kids won't be able to
do anything with it, though.
I thought if I just went,
it would all work out somehow.
We've been through so much,
and I thought we could
work something out.
Hey, Papa, is that girl
also a White Whistle's kid?
That's correct, Prushka.
You think you can try
to get along with her?
-Mm-hm.
-Of course you will.
You are truly a good child.
[Bondrewd] I have
prepared a room.
Why don't you get a little
rest and take some time
to think things over?
Prushka, won't you
please show them the way?
Sure!
[Prushka laughs]
Come on, I cleaned
it up all by myself.
Are you okay, Riko?
[rising metallic clanking]
[Prushka] The toilet's in there,
but be careful.
You'll die if you fall in.
You can't go up those stairs.
You'll get hit with the
strains of ascending.
This is your room.
This spinny thing turns to
the left to open the door.
Go on in.
Wow.
Oh, these are type 4
energy rations.
Those are the same
food bars as before.
They're made
for cave raiders
who travel deeper than
the fourth layer.
They're a perfectly
nutritious meal.
-Can we have some?
-Yeah, of course.
[Nanachi] I think I'll pass.
- Blah, tastes like a bum.
-So your name's Riko.
-Mm-hm.
What does the word Riko mean?
[Riko] The meaning of my name?
That's a good question.
Guess I don't know.
Well, my name is Prushka and
it means "the flower of dawn."
Papa is the one who named me.
Have you guys ever seen a dawn?
Uh, Prushka...
Have you never been up
to the surface before?
Afraid not.
'Cause I was, like, born
way down here, you know?
Oh, but I do know what a
dawn is, thank you very much.
It's when...
When the light comes on.
[Nanachi] While he conducted
his experiments
with complete indifference,
he already had a daughter?
[Nanachi] What's he
trying to accomplish
by having her get close to us?
That's right.
Sea is really big.
But it's all just water,
right?
The one down here so much more.
Oh, there's the second
layer's Inverted Forest.
The trees grow upside down and
the waterfalls all go upward.
[Prushka] Really?
[Nanachi] I thought I told
you information is power.
Oh, well...
[Riko] I used to live in this
place called Belchero orphanage.
Unlike the outside,
it's very safe in here.
Have yourself the good rest.
[Riko] Thanks.
Nighty night.
Night, night, Prushka.
[Riko yawns]
Night.
I sleep now.
Night, Riko.
There's no telling what's
going to happen.
Guess I'll stay prepared
to take action if needed.
Hey, that pattern
on your head...
Yeah, uh, it shows up
every time I put it on.
It looks like some
kind of writing.
Huh? It's looking
different than before.
Like it seems to be
diminishing, right?
[Reg] That looks like the same
pattern.
This is an ancient
relic that produces air.
[relic hisses]
But every time it gets used
the pattern diminishes a little.
I've seen this on lots
of different relics.
The pattern indicates
the number of uses left
until it's done
without exception.
What? But even though
it's going away,
I've been just fine,
haven't I?
That probably means the amount
of energy you use to move
is insignificant.
There's only one thing
I can think of, Reg.
The Incinerator.
After all, it's powerful
enough to rewrite the rules
of the Netherworld.
Judging from the pattern,
you have about three uses left.
You should hold off on
firing it for a while.
-Yeah, but-
-I already told you,
I cannot protect Riko alone.
The moment you return to being
a hunk of worthless scrap metal
is the moment
this adventure ends.
Well, in that case,
will I be able
to take him if
it comes to that?
We'll think of
something, I suppose.
[light snoring]
[Nanachi] There must
be some way,
some way to let these
two continue onward.
[melancholic music]
[gasp]
It'll be all right.
[footsteps approaching]
[Bondrewd] Sure enough, Nanachi,
you are miracles brought forth
by the prodigy of the Abyss.
How very pleased I am that
you have returned to me.
Look, Bondrewd, I have
something to discuss.
[Bondrewd] As do I.
Let us take our time and
talk things over properly.
[Riko groans]
I gotta pee.
Huh? Where is everyone?
Maybe they had to pee too?
They must have gone to
the bathroom together.
[howling wind]
I wonder where this
toilet ends up.
[nervous squeal]
Reg? Nanachi?
Reg?
[sigh]
Where did everyone go?
I mean, the door we came in
from is closed and won't open.
There's only one place left.
[Prushka] You can't go
up those stairs.
You'll get hit with the
strains of ascending.
Bondrewd in particular
is an out and out
reckless scoundrel.
He's not nearly as kind as I am.
I have a bad
feeling about this.
It's all right.
Take it slow.
If it gets too bad, then
just walk down right away.
[gasping]
It hasn't hit me yet.
It's scary.
But the thought of
finding out something bad
after it's too late and
regretting it, is even scarier.
[cough]
[gasp]
[Riko groans]
What?
It doesn't hurt.
[gasp]
What's going on?
That's right.
I've got to squat down.
But which way is the ground?
I can't hear my voice.
I can't feel myself.
What's happening to
the shape of my body?
Is my face supposed to...
Where is my face?
Where, where is my...
Where is where again?
[Prushka] Riko! Riko!
[gasp]
Oh, you're okay now.
Hey, Prushka.
[Riko groans]
Your sense of pain
is returning.
Let me see your face.
Whoa, you hurt
yourself pretty bad.
I suddenly felt sharp
things pressed against me.
You fell down face
first, you know?
Huh?
The fifth layer's curse
can take away both your sense
of touch and your sense of
balance.
Open your mouth.
Ah.
Your molars got all
messed up, huh?
When you're not experiencing
the right amount of sensation,
something as simple
as gritting your teeth
can make you chip them
really easily.
Ah, the cracked ones are
just some baby teeth.
Luckily, you'll have some
new ones coming in real soon.
There.
Thanks a lot.
Where were you anyway, Prushka?
I was in my room.
I woke up whenever
I heard you screaming.
But all the doors were
locked, weren't they?
Oh, come on, Riko. We all
look our doors at night.
I mean, I know mine sure was.
I am at that age. I've
got my reasons, Riko.
You know what?
The truth is...
[panting]
[footsteps]
[Riko] How'd it go?
You're totally right,
it's strange.
Every single door was locked.
First time I've seen that.
Um, which means that this
is the only way left.
But Reg...
And Nanachi.
Right. We'll go together.
-Huh? But I-
-It'll be fine.
Meinya, wake up.
[Meinya mews]
Oh!
Right. Okay,
so this is Meinya.
Papa gave Meinya to me
on my 10th birthday.
Come on now.
Say hello to Riko for me.
[mew]
Okay. You're going first.
[Riko] Will Meinya be okay?
Meinya's eyes and
legs are very sensitive
and can pick up different
things than we can.
You know what?
They say that the only senses
the fifth layer's curse
can take away are those
possessed by humans?
Oh...
Just leave it to me.
There's a trick to this.
You see, Riko, I've had
lots of secret adventures
Papa doesn't know about.
Say, Prushka...
In your eyes, what kinda
person is your father?
My Papa's the best ever.
No matter what's going on
he's always thinking about me.
[Nanachi] I never imagined
you had a daughter.
[Bondrewd] Our blood
relationship is weak,
but it's true.
Adorable, yes?
[Nanachi] So she's not
directly descended from you?
I guess it's not like you
could start a family, huh?
[Bondrewd] Is what they call
"family" restricted merely
to those related by blood?
I do not believe
that to be so.
Families are built by
strangers who cross paths
and come together.
Having souls that
love each other
is what makes people family.
Love just helps in that regard.
Love.
It's a matter of love, Nanachi.
"Love," you say?
You've got some nerve to
spew such grand concepts
from such a narrow opening.
[Bondrewd] Your verbal barbs
are so unique and precious.
[sniffing]
Yeah. That's it,
take a big deep whiff.
You're new at this, just keep
your eyes closed and focus.
You can do it.
Even if you lose all
your other senses,
you can still see the waves
Meinya puts out in front of us.
So?
[Riko] Yes. I can see them.
Take your time and start
moving towards them.
Very good.
Keep going very slowly.
[Meinya mews]
Just like that, Riko.
[Bondrewd] At long last,
the research is entering
its final stage.
[gasp]
Please, I ask you to
come back and join me.
There are so many things I
would like for you to see.
[Nanachi sighs]
Uh... Listen, Bondrewd.
So here's the deal.
Fine then, I will come back
and work with you again. Okay?
That is positively
delightful to hear.
Nanachi, you are very
special, you know that, right?
[Nanachi] I have
some conditions.
Oh? What might they be?
My two friends.
Can you please promise
not to hurt them?
And help them. Help them get
down to the sixth layer?
Uh-oh.
It seems I may have done
something regretful.
That boy type Aubade
is a truly unprecedented
specimen, you know?
It is already underway.
[Nanachi gasps]
[metallic clanking]
-[Umbra Hand 1] It wakes.
-[Umbra Hand 2] It wakes.
[Umbra Hand 1] It's meridians
are also similar.
[Umbra Hand 2] Very similar.
[Reg] What are they saying?
I can't move.
I can't speak either.
-Must see inside.
-Must see within.
-Must see.
[Reg panting]
[Hand 2] Negative.
Metal is not strong enough.
[Hand 1] The light.
[Hand 3] We shall use the light.
Damn it. What is this?
-[charging sound]
-What are they doing?
[Reg screams]
-Removed.
[clicking]
My, my arm.
Urine is also similar.
The composition unknown.
Sufficient volume of
fluid has been collected
-from the opening.
-Sufficient.
It is even reproducing the
sensation of exceeding pain.
-Reason is unknown.
-Unknown.
Unknown.
Must see the abdomen.
-The abdomen.
-Also a leg.
[Reg screams in pain]
[Nanachi yells]
Reg!
Damn it. Talk to me, Reg.
[Umbra Hands murmuring]
The Blessed.
-The Blessed.
Stop it.
Don't touch me!
[Nanachi yells]
[Meinya screeches]
[Prushka]
What's going on here?
Stop that, all of you.
I told you, all these kids
are guests of my papa.
Reg and Nanachi!
Huh?
Riko, we have got to
get out of here.
[Riko] Reg?
Oh, God.
Ri...ko.
[Riko] Reg!
Unacceptable!
What's going on?
What's the meaning of this?
I'm gonna tell Papa on
each and every one of you.
[Hand 1] That is
a dangerous relic.
[Hand 2] If we had not induced
it into lowering its guard,
we could not have captured it.
Wait, was this
on Papa's orders?
But there's no way Papa
would do something so awful.
You must not come in here.
Did the Sovereign
not tell you as much?
Now, this way, please.
-This way, please.
-this way, please.
This way please.
Please this way.
Riko?
[Riko and Prushka yelling]
[grinding stone]
Reg, Reg!
Nanachi, what happened?
It looks like he passed out.
Riko, we're gonna take
refuge outside for now.
They were probably planning to
do this from the very start.
Yes. But Reg's arm is
still inside, though.
We're definitely
getting it back.
Most definitely.
[Nanachi] Sure
you're okay with this?
[Prushka] I'll tell Papa
about the boat later.
And well, I'm really sorry
about what they did
to your friend.
[Meinya mews softly]
Prushka...
You, you don't know
what they'll do to you
if you go back there.
It's true that they were
acting strange today.
But my Papa, he understands me.
I'll ask him to
return Reg's arm.
I'm really sorry.
I know that...
I know I don't have any
right to say this, but...
But when Reg gets himself
all fixed up, I mean,
if everything turns out okay,
I was wondering...
Nevermind.
I shouldn't keep you.
Please go.
[engine starts]
[Prushka] Riko!
Riko! I wanna go on
adventures with you!
[footsteps]
Papa...
Papa!
Listen, Riko and
the others are--
[Bondrewd] Prushka...
You will soon be a
full grown lady.
So please confirm the situation
with your own eyes and ears.
This Umbra Hand is
one who can be trusted
and he will protect you
while you're outside.
[Nanachi] I can't
take this anymore.
We can't let that monster
who brought so much suffering
to Mitty and now Reg keep
getting away with it.
I am certain that he's
going to be coming after us.
Don't know how we can
pull it off, though.
[Riko sobbing]
Reg.
-Como on Reg, please.
-Riko...
[Riko crying]
There, there.
You've held up well.
[Reg] Riko? Nanachi?
[Riko] Reg!
I think I can smell
Netherworld's stew.
The burnt parts, anyway.
Ah, what are you
talking about, Reg?
You smell it?
This is the fifth
layer's sandstone region.
So then perhaps...
[footsteps]
Nanachi, please.
There's no need to sulk.
I heard from Prushka.
Your friend is a very
important doll to you, yes?
I cannot return him to
his original condition,
but I can repair him.
Now then, let us all
head back together.
That is not gonna happen.
I will not let you go back.
[Blaze Reap clicks]
Hm?
[Riko yells]
[Bondrewd] That belongs to the
Sovereign of Annihilation.
It's dangerous.
Evacuate, Nanachi.
You know what? You shouldn't
just stare at the holes.
You really ought to look
down at your feet a bit more.
[Narrator] In the sandstone
region of the sea of corpses
in the fifth layer,
there's a distinct odor that
lingers near their nests.
Those who have not created
any vomit smoke signals
before coming here,
will probably not survive.
Seven-tailed
ferocious arachnids.
The ultimate predators
of the fifth layer.
A massive colony
of stingerheads.
[Riko panting]
[Riko] Reg! Nanachi!
[Reg] Riko, you all right?
[affirmative grunt]
Are the two of you okay?
Yes. I'm used to the fifth
layer strains after all.
If you adjust to the
eye of the force field,
you won't lose
consciousness.
Okay, Reg, how's
your wound doing?
It isn't really
hurting anymore.
What's the matter?
[Reg] But I can feel
my missing fingers.
[Nanachi] That's what
they call "phantom pain."
Anyway, Reg, we have got to
get that arm of yours back.
And that's only one reason
we can't just sit here.
Okay, you two, time to get
ready for our next operation.
Wait, Nanachi.
They're all... they...
[ominous music]
That man is a demon.
[charging up sound]
-[explosions]
-[stingerheads screeching]
[Reg] What... What
did he just do?
[Nanachi] Sparagmos. The
Essence-Returning Light.
It's one of Bondrewd's weapons.
It cut off your arm and
scorched off Mitty's eyes.
[screeching]
[Riko whimpers]
[Bondrewd] What's
gotten into you?
Why are you hiding
in such a place?
Please, children,
show your faces.
So he can read the flow
of consciousnesses too?
No, I don't think so.
He's using some kind of
trick to try and fool me.
I'm afraid he might be peeking
in on my sense of sight.
[Meinya screeches]
[Prushka] Papa... Riko...
What am I supposed to do?
[gasp]
My goodness.
Because we were right
on top of a nest,
I didn't want to provoke
them by calling out,
but to think you were fully
aware of what you were doing.
Splendid.
So you already
knew then, huh?
Let's see what
else you've got.
Play it cool this time, Reg.
[bomb exploding]
Papa...
[Bondrewd] A glow stone bomb.
Coming prepared to detonate
it on top of yourself.
You are indeed just a boy.
I'm just getting started!
Oh?
[gasp]
Impressive. You aimed
precisely at a gap in my armor.
What's this?
They're amaranthine-deceptor
larvae.
There's nothing worth a
damn in your head anyway.
Just let 'em devour it.
[Bondrewd chuckles]
How marvelous.
[Nanachi] He knew nothing
about our conversations.
His peeking only let him
know the things that I saw.
We'll show him some
things we prepared
and then bombarded him
using different methods.
Right now he doesn't have
any cartridges on him.
We won't get this chance again.
What cartridges?
Equipment to ward off
the Curse of the Abyss.
We should settle this quickly
before reinforcements arrive.
[Reg yelling]
Such wondrous
destructive power.
I am envious.
[Reg yells]
I'm not done yet!
[Nanachi] We don't know
how many Sparagmos there are.
Our only option is to make
sure he can't fire it.
If he were to release
enough heat under water
to burn everything up,
the water would vaporize
and there'd be a huge explosion.
[Bondrewd] Ah, I see.
You've surprised me. Did you
think of this yourselves?
Remarkable, marvelous.
[Nanachi] Now, Reg.
[Nanachi] Just below the
water is the sixth layer.
So you should be able to
give him a taste of it.
[Reg] I know what you did
to Mitty and Nanachi.
If you like experiments so much
then see what it feels
like for yourself.
Mar-velous.
[Bondrewd blabbering]
Mar-belous...
[Reg] I'll let you live to
take one last breath.
Just enough to blow
that whistle.
And we'll be out of here and
we'll go beyond this place.
Damn it.
[Bondrewd choking]
I'm really sorry
about this, Reg.
I forced this
horrible job on you.
[Nanachi gasps]
[Prushka] Papa?
[soft emotional music]
Prushka, wait.
Papa?
Papa? Answer me.
Papa, no.
No. Please wake up.
[Prushka sobbing]
I... I, uh...
Why? I don't understand this.
Papa? Papa?
I can't lose you.
Please don't leave me.
[crunching, ripping sounds]
[chorus music]
[gasp]
Papa!
Yes, Prushka, it's me.
Your Papa.
Papa. You came back.
[Bondrewd] I won't
be going anywhere.
As long as I have your
love, I am immortal.
[Prushka gasps]
You should be dead!
What the hell are you?
Ah, I have yet
to introduce myself.
I am Bondrewd,
a cave raider of the Abyss,
known as the Sovereign of Dawn.
You are all truly marvelous.
You brought about a trial
that we have been lacking
and have guided Prushka
towards completion.
Trials make love grow stronger.
Isn't that right, Nanachi?
[Nanachi growls]
[Nanachi] Wait!
[Reg groans]
Ah, so heroic.
Simply adorable.
I would very much want
you two, as well.
-[Riko screams]
-Riko!
[Bondrewd] Those are
Shakers that carry
the strains of the third layer,
but do not be alarmed.
Your viscera will
merely churn a bit.
Bastard. What the
hell's going on?
[Nanachi] Why are
there two of you?
[Bondrewd] "Two"?
The Umbra Hands are
all my own self, child.
[gasp]
Now, Nanachi, let
us return together.
Why? Why do you want me?
The Abyss does more
than simply grant "Curses."
There's an effect
I was unable to see
because the impact of the
strains were too great.
I call the phenomenon
the "Blessing,"
and it is all due to your
deep spiritual connection
with Mitty.
Your love and
adoration made it so
that your body received only
the blessing of the Abyss.
You are the only successful
example of this love analogy.
The answer is love.
[crying]
What the hell would
you know about it?
Be calm, child.
You'll awake dear Prushka.
My apologies, but I'm
afraid I must take my leave.
Feel free to come anytime.
You are always welcome.
[Nanachi sobs and yells]
[Bondrewd] Please dispose of
everything marked in crimson.
[Umbra Hands]
Dispose. Dispose.
[Prushka] Papa.
Papa.
I want to...
I want to see the dawn.
[Bondrewd] Yes, we shall
view the dawn together.
[Prushka groans]
The two of us, Papa?
Together on an adventure.
[Bondrewd] Yes, we shall
be together forever more.
[Prushka] Keep it up.
Almost there, Riko.
Riko, you could be called
"The Sovereign of Children."
How about something a little
bit cooler?
Sovereign of Large
Foreheads and Glasses.
-Huh?
-[Meinya mews]
So, what do you wanna
do once you're finally
a White Whistle, Riko?
When I started, I thought
I'd become a White Whistle
because I wanted to go
see my mother.
But you know now I wonder if
there's more to it than that.
Even though I now understand
that the one waiting down there
for me might not actually
be my mother,
I'm all the more excited.
I mean, who really
wrote this letter?
Why does the Curse of the
Abyss exist in the first place?
And who really made Reg and
why did they do it anyway?
I mean, his penis even
gets bigger sometimes.
Um, what's a penis?
Huh?
[Riko] It usually looks
kinda like this,
but whenever Reg sees
boobs or touches Nanachi,
it sort of changes.
Oh, that looks like
the thingy Papa has.
Anyway, my desire to
see my mom now feels
like it's just become
a reason I give people.
I feel like now I just
wanna White Whistle
so I can descend
to the six layer.
[mewing]
But you know what?
There is one thing that
always stays the same.
I wanna keep on having
crazy adventures
with those two forever and ever.
Don't tell either of them that.
It'll sound like I don't
really have any sort
of real goal in mind.
-You're amazing, Riko.
-Huh?
You know what, Riko?
I think it's not so much
that you wanna find your mom,
but more that you wanna
be just like your mom
and go on grand
adventures with her.
It's like you're figuring out
why you're on your journey
along the way.
That's it. Getting down
there won't be the end.
Right? In fact,
it's just beginning.
Thanks so much, Prushka.
It looks like
you're feeling better.
I can't wait to see my
friends and talk to them.
[Prushka] Hey, Riko,
that friend of yours, Reg,
is more amazing than even
Papa's special-grade relics.
And so, you know what?
I bet you'll be the very
first White Whistle,
armed with an Aubade.
Keep on going, Riko.
Just take your time.
Take it easy.
And don't look back.
No matter how dark the darkness
of the Netherworld gets,
you'll be fine.
You're very bright, after all.
A flower of dawn wilts and
falls in the afternoon,
but you must push forward.
You know, Riko? I gotta say,
I've always wanted to have a
wonderful friend just like you.
[emotional music]
Riko...
I wanna go on exciting
adventures with you.
[Riko] No, Prushka.
No, no!
[crash]
Don't go!
-Prushka, no!
-Riko!
-You can't be moving around!
-[Riko groans]
You have suffered
internal injuries.
[Reg] What do I do now?
Even Nanachi is distraught.
And what the hell was
that monster anyway?
Once he transferred
to that other body,
I couldn't keep up with
his movements at all.
[Riko] Not yet.
-Riko?
-We can't, we can't give up.
There must be something in
the Catalog of Relics.
Hey, what's with her?
Riko has the Catalog of
Relics practically memorized.
If his relics are
listed in there,
we might find some kind
of clue how to defeat him.
Take a look at his
discarded remains.
All the parts of the
head are still there.
Only the mask was taken.
So then he didn't
swap out heads?
-That's Zoaholic.
-It's what?
It's Zoaholic, Reg!
The soul slave machine.
It's a relic that can
transplant your consciousness
into someone else.
But when you mix in or
increase your consciousness,
the people you're using
start to go insane.
It's a special-grade
relic that 15 years ago
started being considered
lost to the Abyss.
White Whistles are
supposed to only have up
to grade-1 relics, but
then I remembered something
that Prushka said.
[Reg] So that's
what the mask is?
Mm-mm
The Zoaholic is the
size of a large room
and shaped kinda like a butt.
Maybe I'm wrong.
Do you remember
what the Umbra Hand
from the Garden of the
Flowers of Fortitude told us?
The person you speak of
is not currently present.
The method for straddling
layers is prone to difficulties.
In that case, could he
transfer his consciousness
without the mask?
I think he would
probably go insane
if he straddled the
force field too much.
Perhaps the mask
is just a symbol,
the identity of the Sovereign
of Dawn, Bondrewd "The Novel."
It would also serve to
impress upon Prushka
who her father is.
But anyway, "Zoaholic," was it?
It's super fishy.
It's the kind of thing that
sicko would undoubtedly love.
[chuckle]
That's our Nanachi!
Brains of the team!
[Nanachi groans]
I could be wrong, you know?
Yeah. But it's worth
looking into, isn't it?
Yeah.
Okay. Okay.
I suppose you're right.
If I were to give
up before these two,
there's no way I'd be able to
show my face to Mitty again.
All right. If we can
destroy that Zoaholic thing,
then it should really
shake him up.
I say we do this, you two.
There's no way I can let
things end like this.
We will take back our adventure!
[Riko] Reg's energy source
is electricity, you know?
When he showed up in Orth,
we used electricity
to revive him.
But well, that might
have also been the reason
Reg lost all his
memories as well.
What if he ends up forgetting
who we are in the process?
So, Riko, if we're
going to take him on,
we'll need the Incinerator.
The 10 minutes before I pass out
after I fire the first
shot is critical.
Everything depends on how
many shots I can hit him with.
And don't you worry.
I promise I will
never forget about you.
Reg, you're the best!
Oh, brother. Listen here.
Ido Front gets its
electricity from a whirlpool.
The amount of power is nothing
compared to the cities,
but we can count on
him recovering.
Well, at least I'd
like to believe.
Reg you alone will
sneak into the place
that houses the power source.
Riko and I will
buy you some time.
The whirlpool is located in
the interior of Ido Front.
So you won't have to worry
about being sucked in. But...
[Reg] Sun Sphere!
[creature roars]
[energetic music]
[Umbra Hand] Right
this way, this way.
Good grief. Just how many
of these things are there?
What am I supposed to do now?
[Reg grunts]
-[Riko] Hey, Nanachi?
-[Nanachi] Yeah?
The Sovereign of Dawn's
white whistle...
How is he able to use it?
Only the original owner
should be able to-
[both gasping]
[electricity buzzing]
Reg...
I think he did it.
[suspenseful music]
[distorted voice]
Where is here?
Where am I?
-[Hand 1] What happened here?
-[Hand 2] Who are you?
Where to? Where? Where?
Where to?
Well, peeking in on my
vision won't do much for him
when it's this dark.
Nanachi, Reg doesn't
seem to be responding.
[roof rumbling]
What the heck do
you think that was?
It's gotta be Reg!
Since the comm isn't working,
he's shaking things up
to send us a signal.
You sure are an optimist,
aren't you?
Anyway we need to get
moving and find Prushka.
[Riko winces]
[mewing]
Hey, wait. That little
thing was with Prushka.
Hm? Meinya!
You came to find us.
[sniffing]
You smell like Prushka.
[Meinya mews]
Meinya!
Hey!
-Meinya! Meinya!
-Riko...
I'm pretty sure Meinya
wants us to follow along.
What are you talking about?
That is the right way.
Okay, fine.
[Meinya whining]
What do you think?
[Riko grunting]
[mewing]
What is this?
[Nanachi] It's the
processing area.
Processing?
-Of people.
-Huh?
They chose kids who
won't be missed from slums
or those given up to reduce
the number of mouths to feed.
The stuff inside their heads
and on down their spinal cords.
Plus enough guts to
keep living a few days
until their expiration date.
That's all they leave of them.
Everything else gets scraped
off while they're still alive.
Any sensory organ that
might hamper the curse
gets chopped off.
The small thing that's left
after everything else is removed
is wrapped in flesh
and skin again,
then stuffed in this container
as a substitute for bones.
Drugs are used to manipulate
both their ecstasy and fear,
but they continue to suffer
as fleshy Curse-repellent
till they die.
Ultimately, they are what
came out of the experiments
Mitty and I suffered through.
That's the truth behind
what he calls "cartridges."
Nanachi...
I was always absolutely
terrified of that man.
I gave into my fear
and helped him create
these awful things.
The hands of the kids
who just that day
have been giddily telling me
how cute and adorable I was.
Their eyes once filled
with admiration and wonder
for the Abyss, their chins
as they groaned in pain.
We carefully removed each
part and discarded them.
Pretending not to
think anything was wrong!
With my hands, I ruined
so many people!
[Nanachi sobbing]
Damn it.
What the hell did I do?
Why? Why me, Bondrewd?
Astonishing.
Even under such
extreme conditions
I see your sensitivity and
ability to absorb information
did not diminish
in the slightest.
You are truly worthy of
receiving the Blessing.
Now, Nanachi, something far
more enjoyable awaits you.
Please come back and assist me.
[Nanachi] You never change.
How can you not see it?
You're insane.
You. You're going to cram
Prushka to one of those
just to attain your
Blessing or whatever,
aren't you?
Aren't you?
[gasp]
[Riko] No, please.
You gotta let Prushka go!
[Bondrewd] Please put
your mind at ease.
Prushka is sleeping
at the moment.
I will release her soon enough.
All that aside, I was under the
impression you had come back
to create the raw
materials for "Your Worth."
What does that mean?
"The life-reverberating
stone."
If I remember correctly,
that's what white whistles
are carved out of.
[Bondrewd] You mentioned
the Unmovable Sovereign.
So I assume she had
told you about it,
but I suppose she can
be rather ill-natured.
The raw material for
Your Worth is a human being.
You're kidding, right?
We stand on the ruins
of a ritual site.
To challenge the
sixth layer and beyond
from which one can never return,
is to surrender oneself
to the Netherworld.
This is where the preparations,
as well as the ceremony for
that descent will carry out.
However, not just anyone
makes for a suitable offering.
Without the resolve to
sacrifice everything
from the intended user,
the life insignia
cannot be compatible.
The timbre of the instrument
also has the power
to draw out the "true
purpose" within all relics.
That doesn't sound
so bad, does it?
I think I get it now.
Bondrewd, you used
yourself as the offering
for your whistle.
Well, well, you
have keen insight.
And also the experiments
that led to the cartridges.
You came upon those ideas
while you were fiddling
with how to produce
"Your Worth," didn't you?
Very interesting, child.
You may be much more like
us than I first imagined.
I can understand
having great ambitions,
but there's no way I can
even begin to forgive you.
If you're capable of making
an offering of yourself,
then you should do that to
make your own damn cartridges.
[Bondrewd] This is from back
when I was still human.
We who have come here after,
though possessing a mind,
have been seen as
non-living things and thus
cannot be used as such.
Most regrettable.
Yeah, but still...
How could you do
that to Prushka?
For just buying time,
this has been
far too shocking for you,
but he's here.
[Riko grunts]
[eerie, tense music]
[bones cracking]
Uh, hey, Reg, are you okay?
My, my, how about that?
All the commotion has been you?
I see you've gotten rather
sneaky, haven't you?
Be careful, Reg, he's fully
equipped with cartridges!
[Reg grunts]
[Reg growls]
Aren't you in fine spirits?
[Reg growling]
[roaring]
Look at that. What the
hell happened to Reg?
He seems kind of crazy.
[Riko] He sure is worked up.
Meinya!
You take care of things here.
Prushka, I'm coming.
Be there soon.
[Bondrewd] You're a
peculiar one, aren't you?
You've sucked even the
reserve electricity dry,
or rather you have taken in
that power and made it your own.
This is my chance to see the
true ability of an Aubade.
Show it to me.
[Reg yells]
He deflected it!
Sparagmos.
[Reg groans and yells]
Ah.
Simply spectacular.
I truly regret removing
one of your arms.
It might very well please me
to have that body of yours.
[Reg yelling]
[Nanachi] Reg...
What's happened to you?
I think you've lost more
than just your memory.
You've turned into
something else.
[Bondrewd] Careful now.
But either way, at this point,
you're now an even
match for Bondrewd.
[Bondrewd] I would love to
witness more of your prowess,
but I can't have you destroying
any more of my facilities.
Far Caress.
And close.
[Reg yells]
No!
[Reg groaning]
Damn it!
The cartridges are
emitting consciousness.
I can't read what he's
gonna do next!
[Riko] Nanachi...
Where are you, Riko?
What have you been doing?
I found it.
The Zoaholic.
I still don't know
where Prushka is.
There's something else.
It's right beside it.
No, don't. Listen, Riko,
don't show it to me
under any circumstances.
[Nanachi] 'Cause if worst
comes to worst then--
Nanachi?
[charging sound]
Oh no.
[Nanachi] The Incinerator.
The force field's calmed down?
It's all tensed up since the
presumed scale of destruction
is so huge!
[Bondrewd] The light of
the essential element?
[Nanachi] He's going to
destroy the entire base.
Riko, run! Get as far
away from here as you can!
Nanachi, you mustn't!
[yelling]
Are you stupid or something?
Reg! Don't forget what it
is you treasure. Stop it!
[Nanachi yelling]
[explosion booming]
[whimpering]
Ah?
[yelling]
[gasp]
What the...
Nanachi!
What, what have...
What have I done?
Well, you put on quite a show.
[Riko] Nanachi!
I hear you, Riko. You okay?
[Riko] I'm alright.
Good. I'm glad.
Come on back here.
Riko said that she's fine.
So what in the world
got into you?
I remember up to the point I
bathed myself in electricity.
It felt like a whole
bunch of different people
were all inside me.
And one of them took
complete control of my body.
Thank you, Nanachi.
I only snapped out
of it thanks to you.
Well, I guess my words
actually did reach you, huh?
It was more like
your fluffiness.
Mm?
[Nanachi groaning]
-Ow.
-Good grief.
Here, stuff this in your ear.
That a comm device?
I stuck one on your helmet,
which you've managed
to lose, of course.
Anyway, what happened
to that bastard?
I'm not sure.
[Reg] Maybe he got engulfed
by the explosion?
-[crash]
-[footsteps]
Accompany me.
This way, please.
Let him go!
[wind howls]
[Reg grunts]
Damn it. Where am I?
Did I fall from
all the way up there?
[cooing]
Are these what I think they are?
[Bondrewd] Shakko,
Etan, Sumiko, Puel.
You see, Aubade,
they all have names.
[Reg] What? How are
you still here?
[Bondrewd] Really now?
It is you who have
chosen it to be this way.
What do you mean?
Oh, so it was not
deliberate then?
Regardless,
I cannot say I'm happy
about you destroying the
ground beneath our feet.
That light of yours might
be a little too dangerous.
[dramatic music]
Now we can test both your light
AND my precious masterpieces.
[Bondrewd] Please show
what you can do.
Show me everything.
[Reg] These hollows.
They used to be...
[Reg grunts]
[Bondrewd] Easy...
This is most surprising.
You are even more agile
now than before.
It's surprising to me too.
It's as if "someone"
made me remember,
remember how to use this body,
and that I have to stop
him or our adventure ends
right here and now.
[Bondrewd] It has begun.
-[Nanachi] Reg, Reg!
-Nanachi...
You've already fired
the Incinerator,
so I'll keep this
short and sweet.
You need to know
the final game plan.
I understand.
It's a do or die time.
[Bondrewd] Right after I
requested a change of scenery...
How callous of you.
[climatic music]
[Reg grunts]
[Nanachi] Bondrewd is
holding off the Curse
with the cartridges, but
they won't last forever.
Concentrate on evading him
and make him use them all up.
Don't think that you
must strike him down.
As long as the Zoaholic
remains intact, he's immortal.
The current Bondrewd
can move about freely.
The Incinerator needs
a long prep time
and it's unlikely
to hit him anyway.
You've gotta make it
back here somehow
before your time limits up.
My, my.
It would seem
Recima is finished.
She was one of my most
kindhearted creations.
She once dreamed of becoming
a princess, you know?
Isn't that adorable?
[loud boom]
[Nanachi] The water
bastion collapsed!
Watch out, Reg!
[Reg yells]
Hey, Reg, over here.
[ground rumbles]
Ah...
So this is it.
This must be the Blessing.
Takiri. Toreithea. Nopero.
[Meinya mewing]
[mew]
[Bondrewd] Ah.
It was certainly a glorious
adventure, was it not?
Prushka?
[Meinya cries out]
[both gasp]
[mewing]
Wait, what is...
What's Meinya doing?
Don't tell me...
Is that-- Is that Prushka?
Reg, I...
[Reg] Prushka...
She cried over you
'cause she cares for you.
[Bondrewd] What a strange
thing for you to say,
considering your desire
to kill me.
Come now, preparations
for stepping
into the next 2,000
years are now complete.
Let us witness
the dawn together.
Go to Hell.
How could you possibly do it?
How could you turn
your beloved
daughter into one
of those things?
What is wrong with you?
Let's finish this!
You got it. Now on
with the plan.
Riko, can you hear me?
[Riko crying]
Riko, please respond.
Riko!
[Riko] Prushka...
Prushka...
[Prushka] It hurts.
It hurts so bad.
I'm scared!
[footsteps]
[Bondrewd]
How's it going, Gueira?
[Gueira] This one's
proven difficult, sir.
The Curse is deeply ingrained.
Her sense of self has
been stripped away.
Child, do you know
who you are?
[screaming]
[Gueira] Though the
daughter of an Umbra Hand,
she's a survivor of
the carrier failure.
As it stands, making use of
her would be exceedingly cruel.
Perhaps terminating
her would be best?
[Prushka screaming]
[Bondrewd] A prayer
cannot be born
from one who only knows joy.
O child of suffering
who curses life itself,
there is something only
you can accomplish.
Your name shall be "Prushka."
Meaning, you are
the "flower of dawn."
I am your Papa.
I am your father.
Prushka.
[whimpering]
[Gueira] Come on, Prushka,
time for your medicine.
Come here.
[Prushka grunting]
[Bondrewd] How is
she doing, Gueira?
She's been like this
the whole time.
[Bondrewd] Prushka,
I brought you a friend today.
[Bondrewd] Meinastilim.
It's called a "Child of Change."
Me--Meinya?
[Bondrewd] Ah, have
you taken a liking to it?
No, no, you mustn't
put it in your mouth.
[Gueira] Oh, look at this.
[Prushka] Meinya.
[mewing]
Prushka, it's good to see you
discovering your affections.
From this moment forward,
your world will begin to change.
From now on,
you will grow as a person
with each and every step.
Today is the day of your birth.
The beginning of your adventure.
[Gueira] You like that? Mm?
You can have it if you want.
That good, huh?
What a waste.
I mean there's so much
tasty stuff in the Abyss.
Tasty can be eaten?
In way. Yes.
Do you know what
tasty is, little Meinya?
Maybe it tastes like you.
[laughing] Pee-ew!
Meinya! Wait for me! Meinya!
No, you can't go in there, stop!
All right then.
[loud cracking]
[Gueira] The fingernails
on both hands,
her upper left arm and all
her baby teeth were broken.
Her spinal cord remains intact.
But as to whether her
psyche can be brought back,
it's hard to say.
[Bondrewd] It will be fine.
Prushka's psyche sprang forth
from a far deeper place.
I am sure it will return soon.
Let us watch over her with care.
Look at my hair.
It's all twirly and curly now.
So, Meinya, why are you
still totally fine?
Okay.
I have to investigate.
Pretty amazing, huh?
When I take a sniff off Meinya,
I can see fuzzy stuff where
I usually can't see anything.
[Gueira] You never
learn, do you?
Is your papa
okay with this?
Just letting you run
around, I mean?
Oh, it's fine.
And Papa doesn't need to know.
[Prushka laughs]
[Gueira] Oh, child.
Meinya, use those eyes
of yours that see everything
and watch me on my adventures.
[Prushka chuckling]
[laughing]
[mewing]
[playful instrumental music]
[Bondrewd] Some very special
and important visitors
are coming soon.
They are people who
are going to help me.
Prushka, I would like for
you to keep them company.
Oh, yes.
And one of them is the
daughter of a White Whistle
just like you.
So I'm sure the two of you
will become fast friends
in no time at all.
Seriously, Papa, I mean, you
already have me, don't you?
Hey, um, Meinya,
our visitors came down here
all the way from that place
called the surface, didn't they?
[Meinya mews]
So then they've probably
seen a dawn.
I wonder what that
would be like.
Well, I'm most certainly
better at cleaning up
than they are.
The trees grow upside down
and the waterfalls
all flow upward!
Really?
I've never seen anything
like that around here.
[Riko] You know what--
[Prushka] I listened, I learned.
I found out about things
I've never heard of.
Creatures I'd never heard of.
Precious friends, fun.
Laughter, faces
I've never made.
Words I'd never used...
And more.
So much more...
More... together.
My arms...
My legs...
And my...
What is that?
It hurts.
It hurts so much.
[sloshing sound]
The pain.
It keeps getting worse.
[light heartbeat]
[Prushka] Papa's pain,
Papa's feelings.
They're flooding into me.
My pain.
It's turning into
Papa's strength.
[charging sound]
[slow, dramatic music]
[explosion]
Papa. Papa, I'm here.
I'm with you.
Now, no matter how
hard things get,
no matter how dark
the night is,
we can overcome it together.
[Reg groans]
[Bondrewd] It seems
these claws can pierce
through your less
protected areas.
[crunching sound]
Although your body is
excessively durable,
it is most helpful that
even your weak points
are fashioned
after a human's.
You told me...
You said that even my pain,
you said even my pain
is an imitation.
[Bondrewd] Indeed.
You are well made.
Even your insides hold
the worth of humanity.
[Reg] So if this pain
is just an imitation,
I can still move!
And I'll show you
that this will of mine
is as real as it gets!
[Prushka] Please, Papa.
I have just one thing.
Just one thing to ask of you.
Reg, Riko, do it!
[Prushka] Papa,
just one thing.
I want you to make peace
with Riko and her friends.
You don't have to fight.
I mean after all, we're going
to go on adventures together.
[music swells]
So many amazing adventures.
[Nanachi] Reg, Reg!
Come on, don't you die on me.
-Nanachi.
-No, don't try to say anything.
I'll fix you no matter
what it takes.
Nanachi, your hand.
[inhaling]
[Reg] Thanks.
I've calmed down a bit.
I'm sorry. I'm fading.
Take care of Riko.
[Riko sobbing]
[gasp]
You have surprised me, child.
You managed to get the
severed arm to function.
You exerted all
of your strength,
used your wits, and
each of you took action
most brilliantly.
Truly moving.
Yeah, well that's
enough of your blabbering.
And from the looks of it,
no one's coming out to
protect you this time.
Which must mean you
no longer have any
Umbra Hands left
to fight us,
making us free to destroy
the remaining facilities,
including the Zoaholic.
There are so many of you
now we couldn't kill you
even if we tried, but your
disgusting aspirations
end right here.
-It is over.
-Oh, heavens no.
Your prayers, your ardent
desire to choose your own paths
and push forward, they've
surpassed even my own.
Although, it is most
regrettable that this body
has been destroyed.
Crossing paths and having
the chance to clash with you
was an unparalleled joy.
The fact that you will all
continue on beyond this place
is now my new aspiration.
It's totally pointless
saying anything to you.
You're sick, and you're
unbelievably pathetic.
It's funny.
I've long dreamed of the day
we'd kill each other
in battle, but now...
Ah, Nanachi.
It pleases me things did
not turn out that way.
Come now.
Raise your head up high.
Child, may your journey overflow
with both Curses and Blessings.
[Nanachi whimpers]
You can shut up now.
Ah, you are truly,
truly adorable.
It's kind of ironic, you know?
If I hadn't fallen for
your honeyed words,
then none of this
would've happened.
[gasp]
Ah, you're finally awake.
That's a relief.
Nanachi? Ow!
[Nanachi] I took a peek and your
insides don't seem injured.
And judging from how you're
acting, you'll be fine.
[Reg] Did we-- did we do it?
Yeah, there are a few of
the Umbra Hands still left,
but they no longer have the
power to get in our way anymore.
-More importantly...
-[Riko sobbing]
I don't like this.
It's not fair!
Riko!
Reg!
Your tummy's hurt.
It's okay. I'm going
to be all right, Riko.
But I...
Oh, Prushka.
She feels so warm, but...
Look, even though
she has a pulse.
Huh? Here pulse is...
Does it hurt facing like this?
Ah!
No! Prushka, I'm sorry!
She's spilling out.
She's, she's...
Prushka!
[sobbing]
[mew]
[Riko shrieking]
[clattering]
Hey, what is that thing?
Is that you, Prushka?
Seriously?
You think she...
Yeah. What else could it be?
It must be, right?
It's just so strange.
[deep resonating tone]
Whoa, whoa!
What is it?
Is something wrong?
It's like my belly.
It feels kind of warm.
[Nanachi]
A "life-reverberating stone."
No way.
But unless it's desired by
the subject who got packed,
it would...
I mean, for someone to be able
to care about another person
while the curse is
forced upon them...
And it was such a
short period of time.
Huh?
[emotional music]
Prushka...
[Nanachi] Riko, can
I see that, please?
Look. Leaving it exposed
is probably not good.
Oh, Nanachi...
You're probably
feeling a bit conflicted,
but I'm sure that this
being entrusted to you
is Prushka's will.
You are the only one
who can use it.
Though it may not
look too pretty,
that is your white whistle.
Nanachi!
[Riko cries]
[Nanachi yelling]
[electrical humming]
[Nanachi] Hmm, about
10 shots left, I'd say.
[Reg] That reminds me,
I haven't eaten anything.
[Nanachi] Pretty sure
you had your fill.
The power at the base
is still out. You know?
Are you two ready for this?
Crying and eating? You're
quite the multitasker, Riko.
Hey, Nanachi.
Damn him.
I should have shattered that
mask into a thousand pieces.
Are you okay?
We've come to an
understanding of sorts.
Besides I'm gonna respect
our team leader's will.
Come on, let's go!
Our newest adventure is
just about to get started.
[Meinya mews]
[Bondrewd] To those
who offer themselves
to challenge the chasm,
the chasm for which even
the darkness is no match,
it is said the Abyss
grants an offering.
Life and death,
Curses and Blessings.
All of it.
Okay, Prushka, we go together.
[mew]
[Bondrewd] At the end
of the journey,
which offering is embraced,
can only be decided by those
who face the challenge.
It's finally time.
It's our last dive.
Here we are at long last.
It's the beginning
of our final journey
from which we can never
return.
Are you two ready?
Mm-hm!
[rippling sound]
Ah!
[struggling groans]
Hey!
[Prushka] No matter
how dark the darkness
of the Netherworld gets,
you'll be fine.
You're very bright, after all.
So, Riko, you can do it.
Push forward.
[ethereal music]